So this has been quite a lot of talking about selecting elements, editing them, creating them, inserting
them, deleting them but it is important of course,
this is what you'll often do in your applications and that is what creates a good user experience
and what makes your pages so reactive and live updating, the possibility to change the page without having
to reload it or get a new page from the server.
Therefore it's of course important to understand this and I hope that you were able to understand how
you can select elements, how you can change them, edit them, edit their attributes, their properties and
how to create new ones, insert them, where to insert them and how to get rid of them in the end.
And again, I can only say this as often as possible,
check out the cheatsheet attached to this module which will give you some links to dive into this
deeper, to find out all the properties certain elements have and so on
if you're interested in this and otherwise just make your own little challenges. Challenge yourself
that you want to select a specific element and then try out different ways of selecting it by using
query selectors, by using traversal to select a higher level element and then travelling down to it,
change it, change different properties,
that really is what makes you better here
and what will make you very comfortable with using all these methods and tools here.